CREATE TABLE tb_usuarios(
user_id serial primary key,
user_nome VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL,
user_sobrenome VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL,
user_email VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL,
user_senha VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL
);


CREATE TABLE tb_imagem(

img_id serial primary key,
user_id INT(11) NOT NULL,
img_nome VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL,
img_local VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL


);



CREATE TABLE tb_contas(
 con_id serial primary key,
 user_id INT(11) NOT NULL,
 con_nome VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL,
 con_agencia VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL, 
 con_corrente VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL

);


CREATE TABLE tb_transacoes(
tran_id serial primary key,
con_id INT(11) NOT NULL,
tran_tipo VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL,
tran_valor VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL,
tran_data DATE NOT NULL

);


CREATE TABLE tb_background(

img_id serial primary key,
user_id INT(11) NOT NULL,
img_nome VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL,
img_local VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL


);

CREATE TABLE tb_imagemconta(

img_id serial primary key,
user_id INT(11) NOT NULL,
con_id INT(11) NOT NULL,
img_nome VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL,
img_local VARCHAR(50) NOT NULL


);
